BIOGRAPHY 
Harris VonGrotten is an American visual and psychedelic horror artist born on October 24, 1985 in Little Haven, Ohio. He attended the local high school, Northpin High.
Being born the youngest of three siblings, Harris was left to his own devices most times and found a passion for art. where he had won several art contests. had a piece placed in a gallery his senior year of highschool. Upon graduating from school he moved to Georgia where he attended Saint’s pass college, earning himself a teaching and art degree. Harris would then proceed to try and sell art as well as return to Ohio and teach in Willamette Heights. Though, as he taught, he realized this wasn’t the career he wanted. Being the artisan he was, he began writing thesis papers and short stories- mailing them out to local magazines and publishing companies hoping to break into a new field. None of his stories were received well within the early days of his career, and Harris often jokes about using all his rejection letters as the wall paper to his office. 
	It wasn’t until his big break with “Children Beneath the Stars” which was self published that Harris became a household name in America, his books selling out from book chains. With his success, Harris devoted all his time to art and financing his new lifestyle. It was within an art exhibit that Harris met his current wife Jannete Curry. The both were married June 7th, in 2010 thus moved to a cottage in Pennsylvania. They had their first son two years later named Oliver with rumor of a second child on the way. 
	When Harris isn’t writing he goes on art tours and runs a successful publishing company to give upcoming and unconventional horror authors a chance to master their craft. 

	SHOP PAGE

Below we have a umber of exciting and tasteful books and art to purchase from Harris’ collection.

ART
“Spiral”
35$

Warped Geometry
20$

Eye Back
40$

Blind Prohet 
60$

BOOKS
“Children Beneath the Stars” 30$
“The Spiraling in the WheelHouse” 30$
“The Dead Man’s Nails” 35$
“Deeds of the Flesh” 20$
“Watcher from the Dark” 30$
“The Pins in your Eyes” 40$
“Letting Go in Outer Dark” 20$
“Thy Flesh Becomes One” (Deeds of Flesh 2) 15$
“Rotten from Inside to Out” (Deeds of Flesh 3) 15$
“Puffs of Smoke in the Red Room” 30$
“Spreading Ashes” 35$
“Cubes” 20$
“Bone Cradles and the Bundles Inside” 30$
“Mr. Utero” 20$
“Ink Booth Massacers” 20$
“Blood Puddin” 25$
“The House Dirt Built” 20$
“A Series of Intricate Cuts: An Auto Biography” 22$
“Dancing in Basement Puddles “ 22$

HARRIS NEWS LETTER AND BUSINESS INQUIRY

June 14th 2020

 Hey all, 
Harris here, telling you I am beginning the final process of my latest novel “Dancing in Basement Puddles” and with hope it will be out later this year for you all to enjoy. Who would have thought that after all these years I would still be as passionate about my art as I was when I first started. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did writing the bastard. 

April 29th, 2020

Hey all,
Harris here, with some exciting news about a sale going up on this page to help gain funds for more up coming writers I am working with in a new project that I will be happy to announce at my upcoming virtual meet and greet due to COVID-19. The sale will begin in August in time for the upcoming holiday season for your convenience.

January 15, 2020
Hey all,
Harris here, my latest art exhibit will be in the Vermont School of Art, tickets will go on sale soon. Hope to see you there!

January 1, 2020
Hey all,
Harris here to tell you to have a happy new year and have a little faith it won’t be as bad as 2019.

December 25, 2020
Hey All, 
Harris here, saying “Happy Holidays!”
